Corrected a wrong and misleading limitation (#8806)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/security/defender-endpoint/device-control-removable-storage-access-control.md

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81826151/159046476-26ea0a21-8087-4f01-b8ae-5aa73b392d8f.png)

> ### What is the removable storage media and policy limitations?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What are the removable storage media and policy limitations?
```

> Either from the Microsoft Endpoint Manager portal (Intune) or through MS Graph API, the backend call is done through OMA-URI (GET to read or PATCH to update) and therefore the limitation is the same as any OMA-URI Custom Configuration profile in Microsoft which is officialy 350,000 characters for XML files. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Either from the Microsoft Endpoint Manager portal (Intune) or through Microsoft Graph API, the backend call is done through OMA-URI (GET to read or PATCH to update) and therefore the limitation is the same as any OMA-URI custom configuration profile in Microsoft which is officially 350,000 characters for XML files. 
```

> As example, if you need two blocks of Entry per user SID to "Allow"/"Audit allowed" specific users and 2 block of Entry at the end to "Deny" all, you will be able to manage 2276 users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you need two blocks of entries per user SID to "Allow"/"Audit allowed" specific users and two blocks of entries at the end to "Deny all", you will be able to manage 2276 users. 
```

> For example, if you need two blocks of entries per user SID to "Allow"/"Audit allowed" specific users and two blocks of entries at the end to "Deny all", you will be able to manage 2276 users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you need two blocks of entries per user SID to "Allow"/"Audit allowed" specific users and two blocks of entries at the end to "Deny" all, you will be able to manage 2276 users. 
```
